

## Initial Commit
Generated by Copilot

### Co-Pilot Prompt:
    Help me write a Javascript application, served as a web page,  that creates and displays countdown timers.  The number of timers and default countdown time should be user configurable from the page.  Once the user clicks "continue" the user configured number of timers should be displayed horizontally adjacent, with over on rows below.   Each timer should be independent, with its own "start", "pause" and "reset" buttons.  Also each timer should have an editable text field above the timer, with the default text being the number  of that timer, starting with "1".   As the timers get down to 10seconds left, the digits font size should increase for that timer.  When the timer reaches 0, text should display over the timer  "Times Up!".

### Co-Pilot Prompt to add Gift List....
Lets create a new Panel (div), below the timers. The new panel should take up 2/3 of the the lower part of the screen. This new panel will hold a list of opened gifts. Each gift will have 3 fields displayed and editable, Number of Steals, Description, and current holder. In addition to these fields. The application should keep track of the time of last update to a gift, and a list of updates to that gift. though they are not currently displayed. At the top of the list should be 3 blank fields and a button to enter the new gift and holder.

Lets make Number of Steals an integer field, initialized to 0, with up and down controls to increment on the right side.